roses gorgeous fragrant and delicate are
probably the most easily recognized
flowers in America even though they're
prized for their beauty many people
assume they're just too complicated to
keep in their garden so let's take the
mystery out of growing roses consider
your climate
selecting the right rose for your garden
is probably the most important way to
guarantee success some roses love cloudy
damp climates and others thrive in heat
thanks to the advances of modern hybrids
rose varieties are available for every
climate
make sure you choose a variety that's
well matched to the amount of sunshine
rainfall and hardiness zone of your area
pick your bloom are you entranced by the
scent of a rose do you want a specific
color like pink or blazing red to have a
place in your garden are you nostalgic
for the climbing yellow rose that
rambled up your grandmother's house know
which qualities you value most the
voluptuous blooms of one variety may not
carry the perfume you love so choose
with your wishlist in mind
plant carefully roses love locations
with rich well-drained soil that's
slightly acidic and have eight to ten
hours of Sun if you have a shady spot
don't despair some roses thrive with
less Sun water well and wisely roses are
fairly thirsty so make sure they have
adequate water daily to prevent mildew
it's best to water them in the morning
when the sun's warmth dries any water
droplets from the leaves during the day
for in-depth information and tools for
growing stunning organic roses check out
the Rose care tips and products on our
website
you